Act 4 Summary:
Before we proceed with the act, its best to analyze at this point who the
protagonist is. One could argue that Brutus is the protagonist as he was the
character who was conflicted by manipulations from his companions and struggled
with choice and severance. He wanted what was best for Rome and quickly jumped
to conclusions that killing Caeser was necessary. Howvever no where did he
provide sufficient evidence for his many claims he had against Caeser like how
he was ambitious etc.

Antony is a bit ambiguous at this point, does he care about his people? Does he
care about Rome? His speech and actions at present contradict such claims so
far. 

The act begins with the formation of the triumvirate : Antony, Octavius,
Lepidus who have now gained control of the Roman empire, they conspire to make
a "hit list" of all people related to Brutus and Cassius. Antony then rushes
Lepidus to get Caesers will so that he can cut certain portions from whom they
were written as a means to aid their position in power. As Lepidus leaves,
Antony proceeds to backbite Lepidus mentioning how he's dumb and useless and
must be disposed of when the task is complete.

Octavius and Antony proceed to prepare themselves for a war with Brutus and
Cassius

Brutus and Cassius individually prepare armies to then later combine and
conqour. Brutus starts to converse with Pendarus and Lucilius to inquire about
how he was treated. There appears to be some sort of tension between the two
now. After conversing, he begins to doubt Cassius and begins to become hesitant
about him and the bond of trust.

Cassius arrives to Brutus in a rather angry state, he inquires why Brutus
exiled one of his friends, Brutus mentions that this man was accepting bribes
and hence he could not have him stay. Brutus reminds Cassius that they
honorable men of Rome and that this would otherwise conflict with that. Brutus
continues to shout at scorns him. He accuses Cassius of not sending him a
specified number of funds at his request and Cassius begins to make excuses for
why the money didn't arrive. (BTW, Brutus probably knows that) this money was
taken from bribes, what does this say about him?) Brutus begins to cool down as
mends and apologizes to Cassius.

A poet comes in with horrible poetry to mend the atmosphere as well.

Cassius asks Brutus why he was so angry and Brutus replied saying that his Wife
Portia is dead, she was so afraid of what might of happened to him as she
observed the utter chaos and anarchy within the streets of Rome that she (EXAM
Q, how did she die) swallowed hot coals. (* This shows her extreme character)

Meeting begins with Titanius, Messalla and Brutus and Cassius. They have been
notified that Antony is going on a killing spree having had killed 70 generals.
They decide weather to wait or go to Phillipi, Brutus makes a rational decision
and decides to (EXAM QQ) to go to Phillipi. while Cassius.

They go to sleep, and Brutus asks his servant Lucius to play some music. As
everyone but him is sleeping, he sees the ghost of Caeser, the ghost claims
that he will see him at phillipi. Brutus then asks others if they had seen
something similar and they denied, whereby Brutus begins to prepare himself for
the War.

